and of course one of the matches will be
a triangle match featuring three teams
going at it at once
we'll be boys the blueblood SIM cards
the World Tag Team Champions Harlem Heat
the pay-per-view of course slim jims
bash at the beach starts at four o'clock
Eastern and of course where our fans get
there at 3 o'clock for our main event
live telecast I would be surprised if
this thing spills into the Pacific Ocean
all the way to Catalina maybe all the
way to Honolulu who knows you know
they're not gonna stay in the rain we're
gonna be hundreds of thousands of people
that are on the beach everyone in
Southern California is talking about
people are even coming down from
Northern California they're coming over
from Nevada they're coming up from
Mexico San Diego Tijuana you name it and
it's going to spill onto the beach it's
gonna go into the water someone better
have those swimmies on their arms there
what the one on what Oh swimmies the
swimmies what's your name
no I don't underst witty beer
it's because you can't swim I don't have
to swim if your swim easier no I'm gonna
swim back and forth
that's fun the bluebloods seconds McCoy
and March Sawyer here in this tag team
matchup here on WCW world wide the Blue
Bloods were involved a couple of weeks
ago and you saw it right here on world
wide and the nasty boys losing the world
tag-team belts to hilum Heat and now two
weeks removed from that they get a shot
of becoming the tag team champions
Harlem eat they have the belts right now
but I tell you the Blue Bloods I think
have they are the odds on favorite a
winning this triangle match and the
what's gonna happen is all six men are
gonna go at it and anyone can pin anyone
to win it this is who I don't understand
I mean the finesse of this team here the
Blue Bloods the wrestling ability of the
gentleman has to be thrown into the pit
there with like the likes of the nasty
boys and Harlem Heat there's no la
población any of those six
I wouldn't be surprised if knives beats
up the sags
McCoy and from the neutral position now
side headlock applied into the ropes
burrito no McCoy's a big burly guy and
he'll run right over you Bart saw you're
coming in and knows how regal wasted no
time but Sawyer's got a side headlock on
Sawyer's got a side headlock on hello
yeah I'm watching I'm watching your
headset on I can hear you I'm watching
this I get I get involved you know i boy
do you ever you get so involved you
forget to do your job the double
underhook and that's gonna be a
butterfly suplex properly yes it is Wow
great execution by regal but I thought
if you're gonna see many great wrestling
moves in this triangle match this is
gonna be like a back alley Rumble
I'll tell you this Bobby Eaton I mean
excuse me the Earl of Eaton has really
made this the team I'm everybody knew
the wrestling credentials of his
lordship but with Bobby Eaton the Earl
of Eaton's a tag team now at Shivani
he's invaluable inverted piledrive at
that time nicely done by regal and now
Earl Robert I've eaten up on top maybe
with the tag London Oh My yes it is the
Concorde has landed at Heathrow come
over that's it oh yeah that's nice
kicking while he's down these you might
have to reach it far see when they're up
I never mind it's a regal stretch on
sagar and regal I tell you fans
the blue lights look pretty darn good
and even though fans don't appreciate
their demeanor and their attitude you
got to respect their style in the ring
they can be the next world tag team
champs after slim jims back to the beach
I wouldn't doubt that at all in my
opinion the new boys are the next tag
team champions of the world still
comments to come from Vader